README.md, before:

# MEAN Stack Single Page Application
Here we have an example MEAN stack project. The mean stack allows developers to quickly produce secure, fast and dynamic sites ready to scale. The MEAN stack is the perfect tool for startups and product developers. 

# What is a Single Page Application?
A SPA serves a single index.html which includes script imports which dynamically re-renders what the user sees - without re-requesting a page. Angular is used to dynamically update (fetch/post) the DOM and makes this process very simple. The result is a highly interactive application following the M-V-C design paradim. 

# Architecture overview
The client side is the web page which runs in the browser. On the client we use Angular to render the content in JS. The client side runs on the server and we use Express, MongoDB and Node for the logic. We are using a Node backend, however, the Angular client could be served by any storage serving. The logic (dynamic endpoints) are all managed on the server - it's obviously important that things like authentication can't be edited directly by the client! 

We make AJAX requests and pass data in JSON format between the client and server. We make these requests over a RESTful API

# Worksheet overview
These worksheets set out the steps to build a fully functioning single page application (SPA) from scratch using the MEAN stack. Our sample project is based around free hosting on Heroku (File server) and MLab (Database) and was developed and tested on Ubuntu 18.04. There are, of course, many different ways to achieve the same results as described here; it is simply a guide for those looking for a rough roadmap of how to proceed.

## 1.DevOps & Continious Integration (CI)
CI is the practice of merging all developers' working code to a staged 'Master' branch, testing, then deploying to production. Ideally CI is achieved with integrated and automated testing to ensure that bugs are never introduced on a staging or live environment. Good practices around CI begin at the start of a project before anyone has typed a line of code! 
### Hosting: Site & DB
### Using Git hooks
### Tests

## 2.Angular & building the client side
Our tool of choice is Angular - which we will use here to build reusable components to create a reactive User Experience.
### Modules, components, events
### Posts
### Forms

## 3.NodeJS & building the API
We move onto using Node (efficiently) to provide appropriate endpoints for our Angular client to consume; all served up by the lightweight Express framework.
### RESTful
### Express
### GET
### Angular HTTP
### POST Endpoints

## 4.MongoDB & persistent storage
We've selected MongoDB as the document storage tool for our project. These workshops will focus on using a connected Mongo instace running on a completely remote and separate service. 
### Angular -> MongoDB
### POST
### Storing data
### Updating client side

## 4.User Authentication
Once the site is working we explore more complex topics in the Angular framework - the most useful being User Authentication. This is pretty much essential for any interactive SPA serving users in a personalised way. 
### SPA Authentication
### New user on request
### Handling tokens

## 5. Testing and errors
We finish by strenthening up the reliability and scaling of our codebase by improving error handling and developing our test suite. 
### Error handling
### Improving the testing

Commit message:

added basic getting started video & worksheet

README.md, after:

# MEAN Stack Single Page Application
Here we have an example MEAN stack project. The mean stack allows developers to quickly produce secure, fast and dynamic sites ready to scale. The MEAN stack is the perfect tool for startups and product developers. 

# What is a Single Page Application?
A SPA serves a single index.html which includes script imports which dynamically re-renders what the user sees - without re-requesting a page. Angular is used to dynamically update (fetch/post) the DOM and makes this process very simple. The result is a highly interactive application following the M-V-C design paradim. 

# Architecture overview
The client side is the web page which runs in the browser. On the client we use Angular to render the content in JS. The client side runs on the server and we use Express, MongoDB and Node for the logic. We are using a Node backend, however, the Angular client could be served by any storage serving. The logic (dynamic endpoints) are all managed on the server - it's obviously important that things like authentication can't be edited directly by the client! 

We make AJAX requests and pass data in JSON format between the client and server. We make these requests over a RESTful API

# Worksheet overview
These worksheets set out the steps to build a fully functioning single page application (SPA) from scratch using the MEAN stack. The key to building a great app (from a developer persepctive) is to create reusable services to manage all the data calls to your API. The worksheets make use of the following essential tools:

- npm
- Angular 10
- NodeJS
- Express
- MogoDB
- Loopback

Our sample project will be hosted using a free Heroku (File server) account and MLab (Database). All the examples were developed and tested on Ubuntu 18.04. There are, of course, many different ways to achieve the same results as described here; it is simply a guide for those looking for a rough roadmap of how to proceed. 

## 0.Getting started
It's a MEAN stack so... we are building frontend with Angular and for backend we will be using MongoDB, NodeJS and ExpressJS. NodeJS and Express are included in a package called Loopback - which is great tool for quickly building Restful APIs - so we are going to us that. 




## 1.DevOps & Continious Integration (CI)
CI is the practice of merging all developers' working code to a staged 'Master' branch, testing, then deploying to production. Ideally CI is achieved with integrated and automated testing to ensure that bugs are never introduced on a staging or live environment. Good practices around CI begin at the start of a project before anyone has typed a line of code! 
### Hosting: Site & DB
### Using Git hooks
### Tests

## 2.Angular & building the client side
Our tool of choice is Angular - which we will use here to build reusable components to create a reactive user experience.
### Modules, components, events
### Posts
### Forms

## 3.NodeJS & building the API
We move onto using Node (efficiently) to provide appropriate endpoints for our Angular client to consume; all served up by the lightweight Express framework (via the Loopback package). An endpoint is the means by which the API can route/access the resources requested to perform a task.
### RESTful
### Express/Loopback & connecting Angular to API endpoints
### GET
### Angular HTTP
### POST Endpoints

## 4.MongoDB & persistent storage
We've selected MongoDB as the document storage tool for our project. These workshops will focus on using a connected Mongo instace running on a completely remote and separate service. 
### Angular -> MongoDB
### POST
### Storing data
### Updating client side

## 5.User Authentication
Once the site is working we explore more complex topics in the Angular framework - the most useful being User Authentication. This is pretty much essential for any interactive SPA serving users in a personalised way. 
### SPA Authentication
### New user on request
### Handling tokens

## 5. Testing and errors
We finish by strenthening up the reliability and scaling of our codebase by improving error handling and developing our test suite. 
### Error handling
### Improving the testing
